1.More than one response using random- random.choice()
2.Answer formatting using .format()
3.Use a dictionary
4.Regular expressions for common phrases. Define patterns. re.search()
5.Pronouns swap- re.sub('I', 'you', phrase)
6.Groups in regular expressions.
7.Defualt message - "Did not get you", If press enter key without typing anything
8.Find whether question or statement using .endswith('?') method( check first whether / printed or not)
9.re.compile('|'.join(keys))
10.In room booking, you can make use of intents and entities.
11.Intent-ML(average word vectors and cosine similarity) or (regular expressions-use \b) or Rasa_NLU- may need pre loaded data
12.Regular expressions can be used to make templates for NER(eg capital letters)
13.Spacy for word vectors- Stanfords CoreNLP also can be used
14.Tokens in sentences after processing through NLP.
15.Amazon mechanical turks while chatting with other chatbot
16.One solution is to use nearest neighbour classification for the whole chatbot.
17.Remove stopwords.
18.Intent classification using word vectors of a word matched with each words of a message.
19.Rasa_NLU parses intent but needs data, you fill have to find the data.
20.np.argmax(list)
21.Can also do intent classification using support vector machines.
22.Words occuring before and after (.* from .* to .*) and (.* to .* from .*)
23.Use NER for pre-built from core-nlp or spacy modules.
24.Dependency parsing to get context i.e. ancestors help to identify from and to cases
25.SQL database management for hotel room booking. Can also use NER here for location of room and room quality.
26.Hotel catalog
27.SQL Injection-Take care of malicious inputs in querying.
28.Entities take care of prices and location of anything asked in the queries.
29.(Hard)Incremental Slot filling, Memory based chatbot
//30.(very difficult)Identify negation using n't 
31.Keep a dictionary of positive things and negative things.
32.Assume that n't just before an entity is to be excluded.
33.AADHAR VERIFICATION API
34.Stateful Bots(and pending states also) for room booking etc.(paid or not paid yet)
35.RASA_NLU:
	intent recognition and enitity recognition(gives more Entities than normal NER) for chatbot specific tasks
	json file for data loading
	search from internet
	
